[light music playing]
[whale calls]
[beeping]
[light music continues]
[man 1] Read'em and weep!
[man 2] Come on!
-[man 3] What?
-[man 4] See? Exactly.
-[indistinct chatter]
-I'll take this for you.
-[man 4] I told you.
-Hey, wait.
Oh, thanks!
Lighter!
Lighter! Lighter!
Patron number four!
Okay, patron number four,
your coffee is ready.
[indistinct chatter]
[announcer] The fourth lucky number is…
Number 38!
Yes!
[laughs]
[announcer] We will continue with the draw
-with the fifth number.
-Come on, 18.
[announcer] And the fifth number is…
Number nine! Number nine!
-That's three now. I have number nine.
-[announcer] …read the numbers again.
I had a pig in my dream last night.
How am I so unlucky?
And that pig was made of tofu.
[announcer] For the last number
of the 1,011th lottery.
The sixth lucky number is…
The last ball will be drawn
any moment now.
The sixth lucky number is…
[suspenseful music playing]
The sixth lucky number is 26! Number 26!
Number 26, the sixth lucky number!
-Nice, five thousand won.
-[announcer] Now we'll draw the bonus ball
-for second place.
-[gasps]
-[announcer] The bonus ball is number 42!
-Seriously?
[announcer] And now, all the numbers
have been selected.
-Let me see here.
-I'll read them off one more time
for the 1,011th lottery.
Numbers 1, 35, 12, 38, 9 and 26.
And the number of the bonus ball
for second place is 42.
Thirty-eight.
[gasps, screams]
[cheering]
-Oh, my God!
-Yes, I did it!
Oh, my God!
[screaming]
My numbers are good, are you kidding me?
Life can change overnight!
[cheering]
Oh, my God!
CASE 11: MR. SALT, MS. PEPPER,
AND ATTORNEY SOY SAUCE
[soft music playing]
Do your teeth
normally touch each other
when people are kissing?
Uh, no?
Hmm…
So, then what am I…
Oh.
I think…
it would be better
if you open your mouth a bit more.
And your eyes,
close them a little bit more like this.
Ah.
[romantic music playing]
Oh. Attorney Woo.
What are you doing here?
I came to see you.
What?
[chuckles]
I waited because I wanted
to see you come in.
Oh, you should've said hi.
I almost walked right past you.
Hmm…
Well, I was waiting to see you
and now I have seen you.
Ah, so it was only that?
I can see your desk
from the window in my office.
I was surprised that you weren't there
because it was 12 minutes later
than you usually come in.
[chuckles]
[phone buzzing]
Attorney Woo.
[Atty. Jung] Yes, Attorney.
We have a new client meeting.
Come to the conference room
on the 17th floor.
Yes, I'll be there.
Well…
You have to go?
-Yes.
-I'll be seeing you at lunch?
Yes.
[chuckles]
[ID beeps]
-[chuckles]
-[elevator dings]
Mm.
Attorney Woo, can it be done?
Huh?
How are you managing?
Hmm, wha… what do you mean "managing"?
Huh?
Oh, uh…
Oh, well, is anything bothering you?
Hmm…
I am concerned,
though I can't explain it to you
because it's something personal.
You say it's personal?
What is it?
At Hanbada, an employee's problems
are problems that concern the firm
as a whole, Attorney Woo.
They are my concerns as your CEO.
Don't worry. You can talk to me.
[inhales deeply]
[Young-woo sighs]
In kissing, you have to open your mouth
to keep from knocking
your front teeth together,
but it's hard to breathe like that.
I'm concerned about
whether it might be possible to both kiss
and breathe at the same time.
[playful music playing]
Ah, okay.
You're concern about that. Yes.
-[sighs]
-[elevator dings]
[Il-su] Excuse me,
how do I get to the conference room?
[employee] It's up those stairs.
[Il-su] Thank you.
-[Eun-ji] You can put me down now.
-[Il-su] Oh, just stay put.
-[Eun-ji] The stairs.
-[Il-su] What's wrong with the stairs?
-[Eun-ji] You're going to break your back.
-The firm is…
getting weird.
-[Eun-ji] Your back.
-My back is fine.
-Well, I'm not fine.
-Is this it? No, not that one.
Where is it?
[Eun-ji] Is it that room?
[Il-su] Wow, this is a nice office, huh?
[chuckles]
Is this it? Oh, it is.
-Now put me down.
-The floor is too cold.
Just stay put until we find a chair.
[chuckles]
-How embarrassing.
-[chuckles]
[Atty. Jung] Yes, come in.
-Hello.
-Ah, hello.
Hello.
Oh, Attorney Woo, come on in.
Oh, you're an attorney here as well.
Uh, nice to meet you.
Yes, my name is Woo Young-woo.
Whether it's read straight or flipped,
it's still Woo Young-woo.
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
Are you all right?
Want me to see if there's a wheelchair
we can provide you with?
Oh, no, no.
This is my wife, on the way,
her heel broke, so I carried her.
-I said I could walk up the stairs.
-[Il-su] But the floor is cold.
Ah, well, you could have a seat
right here.
-Thank you.
-Easy does it.
-[Eun-ji chuckles]
My wife wore heels to come see you,
but they were so worn that
one of them broke.
It's snapped right off
on our way over here.
I'm her husband,
and I can't even manage
to buy her a new pair of heels.
It's fine. I don't usually have
an occasion to wear heels.
-There.
-Uh, take a seat.
Yes, thank you.
Uh, it's nice to see
how you care for your wife.
You guys seem like two mandarin ducks.
[Atty. Jung and Eun-ji chuckle]
[Il-su] Mandarin ducks, I like that.
[chuckles]
Since I'm not rich,
-the least I can do is to treat her well.
-Oh.
Actual mandarin duck couples
aren't that loving to each other.
During the mating period,
the male duck stays with the female
as they build their nest.
But as soon as the mating period is over,
the male abandons the female,
and she raises their babies.
So, what brings you here?
Ah, yes.
A couple of friends I know
pooled our money together,
and we bought a few lottery tickets.
We had made an agreement.
If any of us won,
we would split it evenly.
And then, one of us amazingly
actually won first place.
Wow, that's incredible!
"Wow, that's incredible!"
Yeah, I know.
It really is, except…
[sighs]
Some men become fools
in the face of money.
The jerk with the winning ticket,
he often disappeared on me.
And so I went to his house,
he lied to my face
and said that there was no agreement
shamelessly.
He said he won't share a single penny.
And the three of you only talked about
splitting up the prize money?
You didn't happen to write down
your agreement
or maybe even have it as a recording?
Nothing in writing.
We had just promised each other.
[Atty. Jung] In that case,
it'll be hard to prove
that the agreement was even made.
Uh, if you don't mind me asking,
how were you three acquainted?
Uh…
Yeah…
Every once in a while,
they go gambling together.
-Gambling?
Yes.
I have done my fair share of gambling.
The tickets were paid for by our winnings.
So, are you talking about
illegal gambling houses?
Yes.
Is that going to be some kind of issue?
Uh… Um, well, yes, it could be.
Especially since the lottery tickets
you bought were with gambling money.
As you must know,
gambling is an illegal activity.
The judge may consider
that the agreement itself is invalid.
Hey, that…
that is a really terrible policy.
What does that have to do
with our promise though?
"Article 103 of the Civil Law.
A juristic act which has for its object
such matters as a contrary to good morals
and other social order
shall be null and void."
This law stipulates you don't have
to pay off gambling debts.
Since gambling itself is a criminal act
against moral and social order,
there is no protection of the promise
to pay off gambling debts.
The winnings from the ticket
are over six billion won.
After taxes, it's four billion.
If we split it evenly,
I'll get 1.4 billion.
And my other friend who got screwed over?
I can bring him to Hanbada.
If you represent us together,
it'll be around three billion.
Look, I can't pay you at the moment,
but as soon as the trial is over…
Uh, what is it?
[Il-su] The…
-Oh, the commission.
-The commission!
Think about it.
That should be more than enough.
Well, it's not about the commission fee.
Like I said before,
I'm somewhat concerned about
whether this case is even legally valid
due to the gambling situation.
Yeah, but nobody knows that we purchased
the ticket with the gambling money.
-What?
I think I should just talk to my friend
and we'll just say that--
Do you mean to say you're going to lie?
During the trial?
You can't do that!
Uh…
[sighs]
My husband isn't into gambling
because he likes it.
He's a very hardworking person.
I wish you knew him as I do.
When we first got married,
our plans to open a cafe fell through
when we were conned by his partner.
The gambling only started to try
and make up for our loss.
[Eun-ji]
You saw how he carried me in here, right?
Well, he might gamble a little bit.
The man I know from all this time together
is an incredible husband and father.
Yes, he seems it.
However, as I said before--
Attorney Jung, you and I
have history together.
You're the son of the acquaintance
of my third aunt's best friend.
Yes, I heard that you are the niece
of my mother's acquaintance's friend.
The truth is, that billion won
could really help us out.
My husband and I
have been married for 15 years.
And our children are 11 and 13.
We don't even have a proper house,
so we go wandering around.
[Eun-ji]
Living on what I make from my gimbap shop.
This money would change what has been
a life that is full of heartaches, so…
we're begging you, please.
Would you please help my family?
[sobs]
We could really use your help.
Here's your seaweed sushi.
[Young-woo] Thank you.
Uh, how's Su-yeon doing?
-[sighs]
-What?
Oh, no.
What happened to your pride?
Asking about someone who ghosted you.
Su-yeon ran away from you?
You didn't hear about the blind date
from the angel?
She said just it didn't work out.
That's it?
[sighs]
Such a good person.
A real angel, huh?
Not exposing Hairy's stupid jokes.
-"Stupid jokes"?
-[Geu-ra-mi] Mm.
Apparently, when he introduced himself,
he said, "I'm Kim Min-sickly prickly."
My God, what is wrong with you, huh?
When did you turn into a dad?
He was cracking dad jokes,
thinking you're charming her pants off.
Honestly, I'm not usually like that.
But I guess I was more nervous than usual.
What are dad jokes?
Tell her about that… that stuff you said.
Hmm, well…
"Orange" you glad to see me? That was one.
[Geu-ra-mi] And?
I asked if adding Parmesan was cheesy.
And also?
Do you find bananas "a-peeling"?
What are you going on about?
[Geu-ra-mi] Ugh! So frustrating.
Oh!
Are these the type of jokes
with words pronounced similarly?
I think they're quite funny.
-Huh? Seriously?
-Really?
[gasps]
Ah!
[grunts]
The problem was they were food jokes.
The angel is an attorney.
So you should make attorney jokes
to an attorney.
-[gasps]
-"Attorney jokes"?
So…
An airline company got sued
from a guy recently.
It happened after they lost his luggage.
Guess what happened.
Hmm, what?
The man who sued them…
lost his case.
"His case"?
[gasps]
Whoa!
-[chuckles]
-His case!
Funny, right?
[chuckles]
Uh, okay, so…
Eight vowels, five consonants,
a comma, and an exclamation mark,
appeared in court because they…
they were all due to be sentenced soon.
[Geu-ra-mi gasps]
"Due to be sentenced"?
[laughs]
[all laugh]
"Due to be sentenced."
Oh, you should have used that!
-I should have. I should have.
-So good.
-[Hairy laughing]
-Shame on you, come on.
-More. More.
-You want more?
-What?
-There's no more.
-He has no more.
-[Young-woo chuckles]
[sighs, grunts]
[phone buzzing]
JONG-GWON
Mm?
[buzzing continues]
[clearing throat]
Mm, Jong-gwon, hi.
[Jong-gwon] Hi, Su-yeon.
Can you step out for a second?
-What?
-[Jong-gwon] I'm outside your office.
-Come outside real quick and see me.
-[gasps]
Uh…
[chuckles]
I'll be right there.
Whoa.
[light music playing]
What are you doing here?
This is a surprise.
Is there something behind your back?
Uh, do you want to see
what's in my right hand first
or my left?
[chuckles]
Hmm, left first?
It's a "good-for-your-body cocktail."
[Jong-gwon chuckles]
A "good-for-your-body cocktail"?
You told me that you felt
a cold coming on.
At first, I was going
to bring you a honey tea,
but I thought I could add a few things.
It's a lemon, lime, mint, cinnamon,
yuzu, turmeric, honey tea.
Lemon, yuzu, lime,
mint, cinnamon honey tea?
[chuckles]
-How does it taste?
-The taste?
Well, it's awful.
[laughs]
Yeah, but it's medicine, right?
I'll enjoy it, thank you.
What's in your right hand?
In my right hand…
[romantic music playing]
I don't know the exact name.
Well, I know it's marigold,
or maybe calendula, officially,
but I got them for you for their meaning.
What's the meaning?
"Happiness that is bound to come."
[chuckles]
Oh, they're so beautiful.
If you put them in the water,
the rest will bloom in about three days.
Okay, watch your head.
Oh. Hey, Watchdog. Can we go in?
[door opens]
It's this way.
Oh.
Why are you here so early?
We're not even open yet.
[Da-hye] Who's this?
An attorney.
I'm in the middle of a lawsuit, remember?
Is Ashtray here? Can you find him?
Oh, wow. A proper attorney.
-Would you like some coffee?
-Uh, no. I'm okay.
[chuckles]
Hey, Byeong-gil!
Is that someone who will be testifying?
Uh, no. That girl is Coffee Shop.
The guy testifying is Ashtray.
"Coffee Shop"? "Ashtray"?
Yes, well, the person who sells coffee
is Coffee Shop,
and the person
who runs little errands is Ashtray.
Oh, there's Ashtray.
Over here.
I'll get straight to the point.
So, do you remember the day
you got us lottery tickets?
Remember? Park Seong-nam, Yun Jae-won,
we all pooled our money together.
And asked you if you would go
and buy us lottery tickets?
Yeah, you won first place that night.
[chuckles]
That's right.
Did you overhear his promise that
we'd split the winnings three ways evenly?
Uh, yes.
I overheard,
"If any of us wins first place,
we'll share the prize money
and split it evenly, no matter what."
"Evenly"?
Yes.
It was three guys, so three ways.
Would you be willing to testify
in front of a judge to repeat that?
What's that? Uh…
You want me to… to testify?
Wait, wait.
There's really not that much to it.
You'd only repeat what you just said.
Uh, I've never done
something like that before.
-Things are really busy here too, so I…
-Hey, wait a minute!
Ashtray, there are billions
on the line here,
and you're worried about a rush?
Please help me.
If you help me out,
you'll get a cut.
You'll get enough money
to leave this place behind.
What? You can't give him a lot of money.
The agreement to provide travel expenses
or excessive benefits that exceed
what's typical for these expenses
in return for testimony is illegal
and contrary to the social order
and is invalid.
Please, Attorney Woo!
We came here
to convince him together, right?
And I don't see why
I can't give him my own money.
I told him to tell the truth.
It's not like
I offered him money to tell a lie!
You can't do that!
Did you already forget about Article 103?
Help me out, Attorney Woo!
A person has to know when to be flexible!
-I should get back to work.
-No, wait.
Hang on.
Testify, please, okay?
I'll give you enough
that you can quit this job for good.
Uh, or if not that,
then I'll return the favor, all right.
But totally within the bounds
of civil law.
You catch my drift?
[whispering]
All of it lawful.
[employee 1] Jun-ho.
[clears throat]
[Jun-ho] Yes?
What? What is it?
[clears throat]
She's been like that for a while. Creepy.
[light music playing]
[employee 2] Jun-ho.
Ah, yes.
Uh, the Jaejin Construction deficit suit.
Yes.
How many credit transfer documents
did you get from the residents?
Uh, it was about 400.
[employee 2] Wow, that's not even half.
[employee 2]
We still have a long way to go.
The plaintiffs claim an agreement
was made between themselves
and the defendant regarding
the distribution of the prize money.
However, the defendant denies
there was ever such an agreement.
And even if there was,
any sort of agreement,
it was merely a friendly joke
made in consideration
of the unlikely event
of winning the lottery,
not a legally valid act.
The parties didn't even put
the said agreement down in writing,
nor did they designate the ranking
of the tickets that were divided.
While the defendant won first place,
one of the plaintiffs, Shin Il-su,
won fifth place.
What portion of the award money
ought to be shared by the parties?
Was there ever
a specific decision made about this?
What?
Wait, so…
Are you saying it's a problem
we didn't split 5,000?
Okay, I'll split it right this moment.
Okay. We'll split it right now.
Hey, let's do this.
Okay, 5,000. If you divide that
by three, how much is it?
Five times two is 10,
times three, 15 would be, uh…
What? No.
It's exactly 1.666.6666--
Hey, I don't care what it is.
Let's do this now.
-We'll split it in front of the judge.
-I got it. I got you, all right?
-How much do you have there?
-What exactly is happening here?
[judge] Order in the court.
-Put that away.
-Okay.
-And take a seat.
[judge] Counselor.
Will there be anything further?
Yes, Your Honor.
As previously stated, this agreement
that the plaintiffs claim exists
was never in writing,
nor was there anything
regarding the lawfulness of the act.
So, it's invalid.
Your Honor.
Oral agreements are also valid
and are legally binding.
My clients along with the defendant
made an oral agreement,
that anything won would be split
equally between them in three ways.
That would make it fair to say
that all possible winnings
would be divided up in equal amounts,
would it not?
Whether first place or fifth,
it's self-evident that there's no need
to rank them specifically.
I understand both arguments.
But the real issue is, yes or no,
was there a legitimately joint
distribution agreement?
Counselor, you filed
for a witness in this regard, right?
[Atty. Jung] Yes, Your Honor.
At the time of the incident,
he was given money
from the parties
to buy their lottery tickets.
We filed for Mr. Han Byeong-gil--
Not at this time.
Uh, I apologize.
Not at this time?
I can't seem to track down Han Byeong-gil.
He's an undocumented Chinese immigrant,
who's gone into hiding for fear
of being deported if he testifies.
Counselor?
Uh, yes, I'm sorry.
Uh, the witness is unable to attend
the proceedings this morning.
[Atty. Jung] So, uh, I think we'll have
to review another witness.
May we reapply for a new witness?
[sighs]
So…
Is there anyone else
who might have overheard your agreement?
Well, if not,
how about we bribe someone, right?
We'll just…
throw them a little money.
What?
Are you saying you plan
to buy a fake witness
and make them commit perjury?
You can't do that!
Coming up with good ideas here!
[Seong-nam]
A person should know when to be flexible!
There's someone who would have heard.
There is. There is.
Gosh, there were so many people
at the gambling house that day, huh?
Surely one of them would've overheard us.
[Il-su] There's someone.
[awkward chuckle]
Don't worry. We'll definitely find
another witness. No problem.
-Okay.
-You compromise!
-There's someone else.
-She makes me so mad. Gosh.
-[Il-su] There is someone.
-There's over a billion won at stake!
-Don't worry, there is…
-Come on!
-There's someone.
-Jeez. It's so frustrating.
Attorney Woo, I want you to gather
more material that could be advantageous.
We didn't get there today,
but the real issue of this case
will be whether the agreement
over a lottery ticket
bought with gambling stakes
is legally viable or not.
Look into Juristic Acts Contrary to Social
Order, Performance for Illegal Cause,
and things of that sort.
Yes, okay.
-[phone buzzes]
-[gasps]
[buzzing continues]
[sighs]
INCOMING VIDEO CALL
ATTORNEY WOO
[playful music playing]
[clears throat, blows raspberry]
Uh, hmm…
Hello?
Attorney Woo,
I'm having trouble seeing you.
Oh, I can see your face really well.
I see.
Well, how about you let me look
at your face too?
Do you mind holding the phone
a bit farther away?
Oh.
Yes, I could see you now.
You're still in the office?
I'm sure you're exhausted.
Yes. Then I'm going to hang up now.
Wait, what?
So, then why did you call me?
Well, because I…
I wanted to see you, so I called,
and now, I have seen you.
Ah, so, we're done then?
Since you achieved your goal.
Yes.
[chuckles]
Yes, well…
so what about the way I feel
on the other end?
From now on, could you ask how I feel
before you just end the call?
Uh, I'm sorry.
Do you want to hang up with me?
I don't.
[chuckles]
[Jun-ho] Let's just talk a little more.
-Okay.
-Hmm…
Do you have anything to share with me?
Not just about work or whales,
maybe some small talk?
Hmm…
A man took an airline company to court,
it was because they had misplaced
his luggage.
Guess what happened.
Did the man lose his case?
[gasps, laughs]
You've got it.
Eight vowels, five consonants,
a comma, and a question mark
went to court today, it was because…
Because they are due to be sentenced soon?
-[Jun-ho laughs]
-Wow!
It might just be your delivery,
but those are funny dad jokes.
-[Jun-ho laughs]
-Yes, they're funny.
You should get to work now.
Should we hang up?
Uh…
Yes.
Mm. Hmm…
However…
[Young-woo] Hmm…
You keep showing up in my head…
like whales.
Even though you're a person, not a whale.
It's the first time
I'm constantly thinking about someone.
It feels a bit strange.
[soft music playing]
[call drop]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
The defendant still denies
the existence of this agreement.
And even if there is an agreement,
it's one pertaining to the prize money
of a ticket
that was purchased
with illegal gambling money.
[Sang-jin] Which is a criminal act,
so this falls under Article 103
of the Civil Law Juristic Acts
Contrary to Social Order.
So, it's invalid.
Gambling is gambling,
and an agreement is an agreement.
Just because the money used
to purchase the lottery ticket
was from gambling, doesn't mean
that the prize can be considered invalid
in violation of social order
and good morals.
For example, in a case where a secret fund
was left with the second party to hide,
the Supreme Court ruling upholds,
"Even if the fund was created by acts
contrary to the social order,
the act of entrusting money
to others should not be considered itself
a Juristic Act Contrary
to the Social Order."
There are many precedents
supporting the defendant as well.
In a case where a loan was given
to an employee
of an adult entertainment business,
the loan was considered a violation
of the Juristic Act Contrary
to Social Order
for Article 103 of the Civil Law.
Thus, the agreement was deemed invalid.
Is the prosecution going to claim
that adult film is adult film?
And a loan agreement is a loan agreement?
Isn't it more appropriate
to view that case as invalid
due to Article 10 of the Act
of the Punishment of Arrangement
of Commercial Sex Acts than Article 103?
Since there is a clear clause that says,
"Any claim held to a person
who has engaged in acts of selling sex
shall be invalidated
regardless of the form or title
of that contract."
You can't compare that to this case
as joint distribution agreement!
[judge] I understand both arguments.
In actuality, the expression
"good morals and other social order"
is itself abstract.
That being said, whether this case falls
under Article 103 or not,
it will be judged on the details
pertinent to this case.
In order for that to happen,
first, we need to know
whether this agreement even exists.
Counselor.
How about today's witness?
Are they present or not?
Yes, Your Honor.
Uh, the witness, Ms. Choi Da-hye,
is in the courtroom already.
[judge] Okay, then. Witness.
Please step forward.
[sly music playing]
"With my conscience, I do solemnly swear
I will make the statement
without concealment,
speaking nothing but the truth,
and that any false statement
is punishable by the law as perjury."
Counselor, you may question the witness.
Yes.
You sold coffee at the gambling house
where the defendants and the plaintiffs
frequented, right?
-Yes.
-And you know Mr. Han Byeong-gil well
since he's employed
at the same gambling house?
I wouldn't say particularly well.
We just work together.
When I make coffee,
Byeong-gil serves it. Coworkers.
On the day of the incident,
Mr. Han Byeong-gil
cashed in stakes per the request
of the defendant and the plaintiffs
and went out to buy
lottery tickets for them.
Witness, were you aware of this?
Yes.
I saw Byeong-gil leaving,
so I asked "Where are you off to?"
And what was Mr. Han's response?
That he was getting lottery tickets
as a service for table number three.
Table three is where the defendant
and the plaintiffs were seated, correct?
Yes.
So I asked, "Why lottery tickets?"
and he laughed and said,
"If one of those guys wins,
they're going to split the money
evenly between them, no matter what."
[scoffs]
That's a damn lie!
Ashtray just told you all of that
out of the blue?
Defendant, don't interrupt
during witness questioning.
Your Honor, please,
she is lying during her testimony!
This woman and Shin Il-su
are seeing each other!
[Jae-won] She's in on this!
She's in on this!
[Il-su] What?
What, now, we're seeing each other?
What nonsense
are you blabbering about now?
Hey! Do you have proof?
Do you have proof that these two
are seeing each other, you jerk?
-You bastard, stay out of this!
-I'll beat you with this mouse.
Order in the court.
Witness, are you giving false testimony
because you and the plaintiff
are in a relationship together?
What?
[scoffs]
Shin Il-su and I aren't together.
No, I'm just repeating to you exactly
the words that I heard Byeong-gil say.
Let us proceed.
You can continue your questioning.
-You should be ashamed of yourself!
-Hey…
[Atty. Jung] Yes, I'll resume questioning.
[tense music playing]
A woman as elite as Tae Su-mi
was in university for six years?
And the Jeongui Ilbo reporter
caught a whiff.
MEMBERS
Wow.
What do I do with this?
[door opens]
-I'm home.
-Oh, hey.
[Young-woo] Mm.
Young-woo, just a moment.
Uh, I…
I was wondering.
Is there anything you want from me?
Something Dad can do for Young-woo?
"Something Dad can do for Young-woo"?
Um, well, I mean…
Did you ever want me to find you
an autism counselor or specialist
to provide exclusive care for you?
Hmm…
Sometimes.
I thought it would be nice to have
a doctor or something else like that.
I see.
When it was hard for me to know
how people thought differently
or what they were feeling.
And especially when I didn't know
my own feelings.
Or when I got anxious because there was
a sudden loud noise when I was working.
Whenever those things would happen,
I wish there was someone
who give me advice,
or to tell me how other people with autism
might handle those things.
Oh, honey, why didn't you tell me
any of this?
Did you think that
it would cost too much money?
Hmm…
Hmm, I'm not really sure.
All right.
You must be tired. Go get some rest.
Mm.
[sighs]
[judge] Now, for the verdict.
Formal adjudication.
The defendant is ordered to pay
each of the plaintiffs the amount
of 1.1 billion won immediately.
And the litigation costs
are to be paid by the defendant.
-Yeah!
It is the opinion of the court that
the agreement made between the plaintiffs
and the defendant
was to share all winnings equally
-regardless of any ranking.
-[scoffs]
[judge] Therefore, we conclude that
there is in fact a specific percentage
for distribution.
Additionally, the legitimacy
of the lottery prize
cannot be deemed invalid
simply because the money used
to purchase the lottery tickets
came from gambling stakes.
In conclusion,
we find that the plaintiffs' claims
are reasonable and in good faith,
so it is decided…
-I know it was rough.
-…as per formal adjudication.
-Providing like that.
-[judge] Presiding Judge Park In-yeong,
-Judge Jung Hyeon-ju, Judge Kim Eun-su.
-Taking care of our family.
I can't imagine how hard
it must have been.
[Eun-ji sobbing]
[knocking on door]
Come in.
Attorney Woo.
Thank you so much for everything.
That win was all because of you.
Yes, congratulations.
Oh, and this. This is a gift card
from a department store
to buy something nice for yourself.
Mm?
You paid the contingency fee
to Hanbada already,
so you don't have to give me
a gift separately.
Gambling is gambling,
but that was an agreement, right?
And a contingency fee
is a contingency fee.
And this here.
This is a gift from me to you.
Take it. It's not even that much.
No!
I can't accept it.
[awkward chuckle]
All right. All right.
No flexibility Attorney Woo.
Well, this,
you have to take.
My wife made it.
[Il-su] You'll like it.
Gimbap.
[chuckles]
Did I not tell you she runs a snack bar?
-Her secret recipe.
-Yes, thank you very much.
Mm?
Uh, so, Attorney Woo.
There's something I would like to ask.
Yes.
Uh, well, if…
someone were to get a divorce
after winning the lottery,
is that money divided also?
Well, that would all depend
on the specifics of the case.
But based on precedents so far,
in most cases, it would not.
The division of property can be claimed
as jointly multiplied by the couple.
Although a lottery prize is usually
attributed to the luck of the winner
and is not subject
to division of property.
So then, what you mean is, the money
really doesn't have to be divided at all?
Yes. What makes you ask?
It's nothing. Someone wanted me to ask.
[chuckles]
Oh, it's late. I should go.
Have a good day, Attorney Woo.
I appreciate it.
[door closes]
OH, RIGHT. THE FLOWERS WERE SO PRETTY.
[playful light music playing]
I'LL DO ANYTHING FOR YOU, SU-YEON!
Gosh.
[giggles]
You're so cute!
Su-yeon, you've been through
a divorce, right?
What?
Why would I have gone through a divorce
when I'm always single?
I mean, you've taken on
some divorce cases.
Ah, mm-hmm.
If an attorney was asked questions
about the division of…
his own property
in the event of a divorce,
does that mean
he's thinking about divorcing?
You can't know based only on a question.
Was there something more?
Hmm…
The finger heart.
The man made a heart with his fingers
towards a woman who is not his wife.
Could that mean they're seeing each other?
Oh. Is this the client
from the lottery case?
He carried his wife
into the conference room.
I'm unable to answer your question
because the information is privileged.
Mm. So, um…
Okay, let's call them Mr. Salt
and Ms. Pepper.
What?
So, Mr. Salt asked you…
No, um…
Attorney Soy Sauce
about divorce
and the division of property, didn't he?
Mr. Salt asked Attorney Soy Sauce?
Okay, so…
Since you're unable
to talk about the matter
because of client privilege,
she's saying we should make up characters.
[Jun-ho] Like Mr. Salt, and Ms. Pepper,
Attorney Soy Sauce, like that.
Oh.
Fake characters.
Yes.
Mr. Salt asked me.
No, I mean, he asked,
uh, Attorney Soy Sauce.
The question was about
the lottery money then?
I'm unable to answer
if you ask me like that.
Okay, then let me rephrase it.
The question he asked
must have been in regards
to his peculiar property?
Right. To be exact, he wanted to know
whether peculiar property
is subject to a claim
for a property division
in the event of a divorce.
That's what he said.
-And Ms. Pepper doesn't know about it?
-Mm.
And was there anything
Mr. Salt promised Ms. Pepper
even before he won?
Uh, no.
Can you show that he expressed
a clear intention to give Ms. Pepper
a conditional gift
if he acquired the said property?
It's always better with proof.
Well, I'm not sure.
[Young-woo]
I would have to ask Ms. Pepper.
Well, I haven't done so many cases,
but securing evidence
is ultimately the key to them.
In the absence of evidence,
it would turn into a psychological battle.
based on who needs the money more.
Yes, but Attorney Soy Sauce
can't give any…
legal advice to Ms. Pepper.
Right, because Mr. Salt was her client.
Attorney Soy Sauce
is in a difficult position.
HAPPY HOUSE
So, what should we do?
Are you saying we should tell
Ms. Sung Eun-ji?
That we think her husband
plans to divorce her?
That way, she can come up
with a contingency plan.
Who are you?
-What?
-"Article 26 of the Attorney Act."
"No attorney or former attorney
shall divulge any confidential matter
she learned
while performing his or her duties."
Where did Attorney Woo Young-woo,
who was so strict about the law
to the point
where she was called "inflexible" go?
Attorney, who are you?
Hmm…
Shin Il-su was only our client.
Mm? Who Shin Il-su sent a heart to,
and what he asked you…
Aren't all of these privileged secrets?
Don't think about making a peep.
Definitely not to Sung Eun-ji.
Understand?
[playful music playing]
The gimbap Ms. Sung makes is special.
It's because there's fried tofu inside.
Yes, I can taste it.
The Woo Young-woo gimbap
my father makes doesn't have fried tofu.
Tofu that's diced,
cooked down in soy sauce,
it has a savory yet…
sweet flavor.
Both fluffy and rough.
It's fried…
tofu!
Is fried tofu your new whales?
So wouldn't it be fine if I went
to Happy House to buy tofu gimbap?
That's not a violation of anything.
Why did you bother to ask me
if you were going anyway?
-[door closes]
-Why did she even come here?
Remember, we're off
to buy fried tofu gimbap,
not to violate the Attorney-at-Law Act.
Yes, of course.
-[shattering]
-[gasps]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[Il-su] Why?
-[clattering]
-Why? Why…
-Why?
-Honey!
It's my money to spend!
Who are you to tell me what to do?
We have two kids!
You and me have two little kids
who we have to continue to support!
[Eun-ji]
How can a father be so thoughtless?
Are you sick and tired
of constantly moving
because we don't have a house of our own?
Or a shop of our own?
This old story, you know what I'm sick of!
-Honey!
-[grunts]
I'm sick of your complaining.
[chuckles]
[solemn music playing]
[Jun-ho] Are you okay?
Oh. You're from Hanbada.
What are you doing here?
Attorney Woo told me
the fried tofu gimbap here is special.
We came to get gimbap
and saw you and your husband arguing.
[sniffles]
He told me he wants to buy this…
with the lawsuit winnings.
[Eun-ji] How does it make sense
to get a car that costs this much
considering our circumstances?
[Jun-ho] Oh.
That must be hard on you.
My husband might be a gambler,
but he was always so sweet
and was good to me and the kids.
That's what got me through
our difficulties.
But how is it that somebody
can just change overnight though?
How much longer do I have
to wait for him to come to his senses?
I don't think I can take it anymore.
The sperm whale is the animal featured
in Moby-Dick, the classic American novel.
[reporter]
This is the first time a sperm whale
has been spotted in East Sea…
[dreamy music playing]
A person should know when to be flexible!
Excuse me, Attorney Woo?
Oh, no. I'm not an attorney.
Just a customer.
One gimbap with tofu.
I would love to, but the ingredients
are on the floor,
so I have to cook them again.
Then please make them again.
It's okay. We can wait.
[chuckles]
Okay.
You may have a seat right over there.
-This will take a while, okay?
-No problem.
Jun-ho.
Do you know the story of Mr. Salt,
Ms. Pepper, and Attorney Soy Sauce?
Oh, I don't. Tell me.
Once upon a time, there was a Mr. Salt.
And his wife was Ms. Pepper.
Mr. Salt recently acquired
a peculiar property.
"Peculiar property"?
What's that?
Property one had before marriage
or the property acquired
in one's own name during the marriage.
It's excluded from the claim
for division of property
in the event of divorce
since each party makes profits
from their separate management
and use of their money.
So, okay…
For example, like prize money
from winning the lottery?
[Young-woo] Yes.
That would be an excellent example.
Mr. Salt wanted to know
if he has to divide peculiar property
if he were to divorce Ms. Pepper.
He asked Attorney Soy Sauce.
And she replied
that he most likely wouldn't have to.
-That's what she said.
-Um, excuse me.
Are you referring to my husband?
Uh, no. I was…
I was talking to Jun-ho about Mr. Salt,
Ms. Pepper, and Attorney Soy Sauce.
What do you mean he asked
about dividing the money in a divorce?
[Eun-ji gasps]
My husband wouldn't do that.
You misunderstood. He was just upset
before about wanting to get that car.
He promised the day we won the lawsuit.
He said that he would give me
all the winnings.
He told me while he held me
in his arms crying.
It was so hard on him
to not support his family.
He told me the children and I
would never worry for money again.
Um, so, apparently,
Ms. Pepper said that Mr. Salt
had promised her the money
while he was sobbing.
[Jun-ho] I heard this from Ms. Pepper.
And do you know if Ms. Pepper
had the promise written down
or even recorded?
Uh, was this promise
written down anywhere…
I mean, what kind of married couple
would need that to be recorded?
No. It seems there's none of that.
Can you pass on to Ms. Pepper
that it's not too late even now?
She must find at least one witness
who heard Mr. Salt uttered his promise.
Evidence is necessary
to partake in the earnings
of Mr. Salt's peculiar property!
[gasps]
Really?
[laughs]
-You know, Su-yeon.
-Mm?
I don't really care all that much
about the lottery.
You don't?
Are you someone who isn't fazed by money?
Not really, because…
I already won the lottery.
Mm?
Su-yeon, you're my lottery.
Oh.
[giggles]
Oh, Jong-gwon, stop.
-I'm going to the restroom.
-Okay.
Mm.
Mm?
-Mm?
-Are you a doctor?
What?
Or a prosecutor?
Attorney?
Judge, accountant, maybe an appraiser?
Sorry, who are you?
What's wrong with you?
Seeing as he took you to this steak house,
it must be about two weeks since you met?
Eat up today.
Today's going to be the last day
he spends money on you.
From here on out,
he'll keep saying that he lost his wallet.
Uh, wait, what are you trying to say?
You really don't understand?
[sighs]
That asshole you're with?
He only goes after women with careers.
He's a bastard who manipulates women
and runs off with their money.
[sighs]
He gave you marigolds, right?
Going on about the meaning?
[scoffs]
How about the "don't-get-sick cocktail"?
The… the honey with tea
and this and that mixed in.
-"Good-for-your-body."
-What?
Mine was different.
It was the "good-for-your-body cocktail."
[sighs]
Hey, Jong-gwon.
You said you needed money
for your father's operation.
So, you went to work on a fishing boat?
This doesn't look like a boat to me.
Do you catch tuna while having steak?
-Uh, Su-yeon, be right there.
-Give me back my money.
You took 50 million
for your father's bullshit surgery!
Uh, Su… Su-yeon,
this is my business partner.
[woman] Business partner, my ass!
What did you use the money for?
You said it was for your father's surgery!
-Su-yeon, wait. What's wrong with you?
-What did you use it for?
-[woman] What's wrong with me?
-[Jong-gwon] Su-yeon, wait!
-[woman] You really don't know?
-[sighs]
[woman]
Get your hands off me. No, don't even…
-How many women? Huh?
-Give me a bottle. Make it expensive.
-[woman] Get your hands… Don't touch me!
-Sure. Which one?
You have a whole wall there.
Get me the most expensive thing!
That asshole…
Sorry. He'll pay for it.
Come on now!
Okay. All right.
Here you go.
Hey, Su-yeon. Meet me on Wednesday.
I'll call you
and explain it all, all right?
[pants]
[grunts]
[jazz music playing]
It really doesn't take long
for someone to show their true colors.
Now, he's asking me for a divorce.
He started hitting me,
smashing everything in the house.
Coming to the shop every day
and harassing me at work.
Two days ago,
my oldest boy tried pushing him off.
His father turned around and then…
And he even struck his own boy.
Well, I can still see Mr. Shin
carrying you on his back that day.
Such a dramatic change.
That must be so difficult.
I can't go on…
living with this man any longer.
[somber music playing]
I supported us,
and brought up the kids too,
all by myself.
And I want to receive a fair division
of what's ours.
[Eun-ji sobs]
That's why I came here
to speak with you again.
He's got the lottery money
in his brother's bank account.
He's trying to shut me out
to go to such lengths
just to cut out his family?
he's doing all this because he thinks
I'm going to go after it.
He won't even share a penny
of the winnings with me.
Did your husband ever promise to share
the lottery winnings with you
before he changed his entire personality?
Well, the last time we spoke,
you wanted me to get proof
of what he said in court.
-Mm?
-What?
Oh. No, she didn't…
I had a customer come in.
The person happened to be an attorney.
Oh. Soy Sauce!
Attorney Soy Sauce.
"Soy Sauce"?
Mm-hmm.
Well, anyway, I was trying to get proof
like the other attorney said.
I sent him text messages
trying to get him to repeat it.
I also tried to record phone calls.
But he seemed to know what I was doing.
He just acted stupid
and asked about proof.
And were there any witnesses?
Anyone that may have overheard him promise
to share or split the prize money
with you?
Oh, no. It happened later
when we were alone.
I'm sorry to break it to you, but…
well, we're unable to represent you
since we already represented
your husband in a separate suit.
A previous case
that is still relevant to this one.
Can we introduce you to another attorney
who specializes in this matter
of divorce law?
I really appreciate it.
Can I ask,
how do you personally feel, though?
Is there any possibility
I will get a share of the winnings?
Uh, well, you should probably talk
to your lawyer about specifics.
Although, in my personal opinion,
I believe your chances of winning
seem low.
As of right now,
I think the best course of action
is to get as much alimony
and child support as possible.
[somber music playing]
[car beeps]
Thank you so much for the ride back here.
We're just here to buy fried tofu gimbap.
[Eun-ji chuckles]
Well, I'll make them
extra delicious for you.
[car revving]
[revving continues]
[sly music playing]
Wow!
You met with an attorney, huh?
[Il-su] I should have known!
That's why you wouldn't sign the papers.
What's that?
Are you suing me, huh?
-Huh?
-He's here early today.
Come here.
Come here now!
Can we just please get away from him?
[Eun-ji] He's getting worse.
There's no telling what he'll do.
-Yes, let's go to the car.
-Okay.
You little…
[suspenseful music playing]
[tires screeching]
Attorney Woo, are you okay?
Eun-ji.
Are you hurt?
Eun-ji!
-Can you hear me, sir?
-Honey!
[Eun-ji shrieks]
-[Eun-ji] Honey!
-[man] Sir! Sir!
-Wake up!
-[Jun-ho] Eun-ji, it's dangerous.
-[Eun-ji] Honey!
-[Jun-ho] Wait here while I call 911.
[Eun-ji] Honey!
-[Jun-jo] Someone call 911!
-[screaming]
-Someone call 911!
-[woman] Get her over here.
Wait. Wait. Wait.
[man] Sir! Sir! Come on!
[Eun-ji screaming]
-Honey!
-[man] Back off!
[Jun-ho] Call an ambulance!
[Eun-ji] No!
[sobbing]
No!
[wailing]
Attorney Woo. It's okay.
It's okay, Attorney Woo.
Attorney Woo, it's okay.
[Young-woo breathing heavily]
[whining]
Oh, tighter.
[Young-woo wailing]
[heavy breathing]
Tighter.
[Young-woo sighs]
Sung Eun-ji came to the offices to see me
and Attorney Jung today.
Oh, yeah?
I haven't seen her
since Mr. Shin's funeral.
Is she doing okay?
Yes, but she didn't bring us any gimbap
because she unfortunately had
to close her shop, at least for now.
Although she had some good news to share.
Ms. Sung and her kids will be set
to inherit the remaining 1.1 billion won
from the lottery prize leftover.
Because when he died in the car crash,
they were still legally married
to each other.
Wow. So that worked out well.
In addition to that, his family
will receive another 300 million won
from his life insurance policy.
That's 1.4 billion won.
It's practically the same amount
that was distributed to him
when he was ruled the victor of the trial.
All that money
really took a long way to find
its rightful owner.
When Mr. Shin died
in that horrible car accident,
I want to thank you, Jun-ho,
for hugging me.
Oh, for that?
[chuckles]
Yes, it's okay.
People with autism have--
Find anxiety can be relieved
by pressure on the body
during sensory overload?
Oh.
Yes, that's right.
They make hugging chairs
for people with autism in France.
Hugging chairs?
Yes, the backside is blocked like this,
and when someone sits,
the inside of the chair swells up
and hugs the person tight like this.
The amount of pressure
can be controlled too.
Oh.
Can I buy one of those chairs in Korea?
Do you have to?
Huh?
I can do it.
I can be your personal hugging chair.
[romantic music playing]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[knocking on door]
Come in.
[chuckles]
[door closes]
Hello, Attorney Tae.
I am Kwon Min-woo, ma'am.
I appreciate you making time for me.
How could I not make time
after the way you talked to my secretary?
What's so important
that could've made you barge in
here today?
I want to work at Taesan.
I would like to be employed
by your company.
Right. You can talk to HR about that.
Next year, you can apply to work here.
I'll remember your name when you do.
Kwon Min-woo, right?
I'm an attorney at Hanbada.
Attorney Woo works there also.
[tense music playing]
Attorney Tae, you took a break
from university your senior year in 1995
and then returned in 1997.
You told people
that you were leaving to study abroad,
but there are no records of this.
Most importantly, in 1996
when you took that break from university…
During that time, Attorney Woo was born.
Attorney…
what are you doing?
It was my hope, Attorney Tae,
this should be impressive.
Truth is, I want to be employed at a firm
where knowing people's secrets
is seen as a strength and a weapon.
I want to work at a firm
where the attorneys know how to take risks
and be political if needed.
I believe Taesan is that firm,
but not Hanbada.
I don't want to become
a weaker version of myself…
by working under a hypocritical boss.
Knowing other people's private secrets
is not enough.
You have to be effective.
I am, trust me.
Then prove it.
You work with Attorney Woo, right?
Yes.
Do you have what it takes?
Can you make Hanbada too much
for Attorney Woo?
What?
It doesn't matter
if she personally quits or resigns.
What's the reason?
That's for me to worry about.
If you make this work for me,
Attorney Kwon,
you'll be an attorney at Taesan…
directly under me.
I see.
Yes, ma'am.
[closing theme music playing]
[Jong-cheol] "Employees married
within the company
are eligible for voluntary resignation."
-[woman] Condemn!
-That woman is loud.
[Su-yeon] I've never seen
an attorney like her.
[Min-woo] Mir Life only discovered
that loophole because of Hanbada.
It's the judge's job to determine
which side is socially just, not ours!
Yes, but attorneys are human, too.
Are we…
dating?
[Jun-ho] We're not dating?
That really just…
It hurts me, do you understand?